

Guidance received:
------------------
1. Fix on to one application and try to cover all scenarios.
2. Try to make code and script generation lean - like how many APIs are there, and corner cases available, are you able to test all of them.
3. Can we establish a test coverage metrics.
    - Any requirement changes happening, automatically generating test.
    - Ability to generate scripts for the newer requirements come in and integrate it to the whole.
    - Run the regression test and establish the outcome.


Major Requirements
------------------
> Do a OpenAPI 3.0 parser for the responses and their examples completely by comparing Keycloak and directus.
> Improvise the response code validation based on the Excel file responses upon the latest parser updates.
> Improvise the request for multiple test cases with the auto-generated test data.
> Find the techniques to identify the coverage area upon the with the help of existing automated test cases and the total number of APIs available.
> Auto healing - After the execution of a particular test method or a class, if there are any modification needs to be done in the code because of the code failure, the auto healing should be implemented successfully. For that, I guess I have to generate a third level of utility to accept the logs as an input and to produce the output of an updated code and followed by to do the re-execution with maximum of three iterations or the number of iterations set by the user.
> Provision the setup and teardown to test files level and component level.
> Provision the variables global level, component level and method level.
> Develop a voice-based test case dictation feature.

Corrections
-----------
> We have to change the name of the file OpenAI underscore parser dot py to OpenAPI underscore parser dot py.
Have to set the similarity's minimum frequency
> During the code generation, the server endppoint gets hardcodede, and so we have to make it dynamic
> Auto generated method name is not upto the mark, the naming being done using only first step, but not considered all the steps, hence required method generation modifications. 
> 


Executor Tab
------------
> How to identify the exact command to run components and files inside the component and/or test methods and their combinations to execute required set from the executor tab.
> Reusable methods appropriately to append executor commands based on the selected methods, files, components, as a backend code.
> Frontend command executions of executor tab for specific selected methods, files, components.
> Testing the reload structure button by updating files, methods, components from code generator.

